Krabby Patty Quest 

Welcome to Krabby Patty Quest, an exciting, riddle-solving adventure where you play as SpongeBob SquarePants in the beloved world of Bikini Bottom. In this game, your goal is to collect Krabby Patties, solve riddles, upgrade your abilities, and defeat characters like Sandy Cheeks and Mr. Krabs to steal the Secret Krabby Patty Formula and win the game!

Installation
Requirements
Python 3.x
A terminal or command prompt to run the game.

Steps to Install
Clone the repository to your local machine:

bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/krabby-patty-quest.git
Navigate to the project folder:

bash
cd krabby-patty-quest
Install the required Python libraries:
pip install -r requirements.txt
Run the game:

python main.py

Gameplay
Objective
Your main goal is to navigate through Bikini Bottom, solving riddles to collect Krabby Patties, purchase upgrades and weapons, and defeat powerful enemies to ultimately steal the Secret Krabby Patty Formula from Mr. Krabs.

Key Actions
- Solve Riddles: Earn Krabby Patties by answering riddles correctly. Each correct answer earns you Krabby Patties that you can use to buy upgrades or weapons.

- Fight Enemies: Face off against enemies like Sandy Cheeks and Mr. Krabs in tactical battles. Choose your attacks wisely!

- Shop for Upgrades: Spend your Krabby Patties to upgrade your character’s strength and health, or buy new weapons to aid in your battles.
- Defeat Mr. Krabs: Once you've collected enough Krabby Patties and upgraded your character, confront Mr. Krabs in a final battle to steal the secret Krabby Patty formula.


Features
- Randomized Riddles: Solve a variety of riddles throughout the game. Each riddle's correct answer is randomized, making every playthrough different.

- Character Upgrades: Purchase upgrades to increase your strength or health, making you more powerful for the final battles.
Weapon Shop: Choose from a range of weapons, including the Spatula, Karen, and Golden Spatula, to increase your battle effectiveness.

- Multiple Paths to Victory: Choose between solving more riddles, upgrading your character, or fighting enemies—strategize your way to victory!

- Boss Battles: Face off against powerful bosses like Sandy Cheeks and Mr. Krabs in intense, turn-based combat.
Multiple Endings: Depending on your choices, you can either defeat Mr. Krabs and steal the formula, or get defeated by the villainous crab!


Character Information
- SpongeBob SquarePants: The main protagonist of the game. He starts with 100 health and moderate strength. Over the course of the game, you can upgrade his strength and health by purchasing upgrades or solving riddles.

- Sandy Cheeks: The first boss you will face. Sandy starts with 120 health and a high strength rating. She can deal substantial damage, so be prepared for the fight!

- Mr. Krabs: The final boss, with 150 health and the ability to inflict high damage. Defeat Mr. Krabs to steal the secret Krabby Patty formula and win the game.


How to Play

- Start the Game: Begin by solving riddles presented to you by the game. Each correct answer rewards you with Krabby Patties.
Upgrade: Spend your Krabby Patties to upgrade your character’s health and strength. You can also visit the weapon shop to buy powerful weapons.

- Choose Your Actions: As you progress through the game, you will have various options to fight, upgrade, or continue solving riddles. Choose wisely!

- Boss Battles: When you’re ready, take on Sandy Cheeks and Mr. Krabs in combat. Choose where to attack each enemy (head, torso, etc.) and use your weapons and upgrades to defeat them.

- Steal the Secret Formula: Once Mr. Krabs is defeated, steal the Secret Krabby Patty Formula to win the game!


Shops
There are two primary shops in the game where you can spend your Krabby Patties:

1. Weapon Shop
Buy new weapons to help you in battle:

Spatula: 5 Krabby Patties
Karen: 10 Krabby Patties
Golden Spatula: 20 Krabby Patties
2. Upgrade Shop
Purchase upgrades to enhance your character's strength or health:

Strength Upgrade: 5 Krabby Patties (Increases your strength by 5)
Health Upgrade: 5 Krabby Patties (Increases your health by 10)

Enjoy your Adventure!